All right.
If you're still here watching this video, I'm going to assume that you want to go through the setup
process and run all of our code in a development environment using Google Cloud, which is going to
unequivocally solve all of our performance issues.
Let's first get started with a quick overview of how we are running Kubernetes on our local computer
right now and how we're going to run it through Google Cloud.
So this is a diagram of what's going on on our machine at present.
We got your computer.
We are running a single Kubernetes node, and on there we could possibly have many different pots.
At present, we probably only have one pod, that authentication pod, but eventually we're going to
have many different pods.
We can open up our browser and access that node using the ingress engine X server we just configured
in the last couple of videos.
So that's what's going on right now.
Here's what's going to happen once we start to move all this stuff out to Google Cloud, your computer
is still going to be running, say, a browser or something like that, trying to access our different
pods and test out some code manually.
But our entire Kubernetes cluster is going to be running on a Google Cloud virtual machine, so no longer
are we going to be running Kubernetes on your computer whatsoever.
Instead, we're going to leverage some remote computer.
So we're going to have a node somewhere out on the cloud that's running all of our different pods.
And the reason this starts to get really relevant is that you have to really understand what scaffold
is doing for us.
You see, scaffold is going to be the real tool that's going to allow us to set everything up on Google
Cloud very, very easily.
You might be curious why we're using Google Cloud at all, by the way, as opposed to AWS or something
like that.
Well, Scaffold was actually developed by teams at Google, so Scaffold has a very, very tight integration
with Google Cloud in general.
That's why we are using Google Cloud in particular.
All right.
So here is what's going on behind the scenes with Scaffold.
We are going to add in some additional configuration to Scaffold and tell it that we wanted to use some
node hosted on Google Cloud as opposed to a local node on our machine.
Scaffold, you might recall, is not only going to create all of our different services and deployments
and all that stuff, it is also in charge very critically of handling changes that we are making to
our project as well.
You might recall that there are two types of changes that we can make to a file or a project.
When we're making use of scaffold, we either make changes to a file that is synched or unlinked.
So if we go back over to our scaffold config file right now.
We listed out this sink section right here.
And this meant that any time that we made a change to a file matching that pattern, just take that
file and sync it with a corresponding pod inside of our cluster.
So in that scenario, we were not rebuilding any image or anything like that.
We were just taking the change file and sticking it directly into a pod.
So this diagram is laying out that scenario, the case in which you make a change to a sync file.
So on your computer, you're going to be writing inside of your code editor and at some point in time
you're going to change async file.
So in our case, again, that's going to be a typescript file.
Then whenever we save that file, scaffold will detect that change.
Scaffold will then be configured to reach out to Google Cloud, to reach out to the node that is running
this specific pod and take that change file and stick it directly into that pod.
And that's how updates are going to be processed.
Now scenario two, where we change a not synched file is a little bit more complicated.
And that's the real kind of thing I want to show you with these two diagrams.
I want you to understand what happens when we make a change to a file that will not be automatically
injected into a pot.
So let's imagine that we make a change to say, our package JSON file.
When we change that file, it does not get automatically injected into a pod because we did not list
it inside the sink section right here.
Whenever we make a change to the package JSON file, that is a sign that we want to completely rebuild
our off image and then update some corresponding deployment inside of our cluster.
That would be scenario number two, where we change an unsent file.
So on our computer, we're going to open up our editor and we'll make a change to a file that is not
listed in the sync section.
Again, something like the package JSON file.
Scaffold will detect that and it's going to add in an extra step.
Scaffold is going to reach out to a service that runs inside of Google Cloud called Google Cloud Build.
This service is all about building docker images, so scaffold is going to take all of our source code
for your project that's going to upload it to Google Cloud built along with the Docker file for that
specific project.
Then on Google Cloud built some builder process is going to build our image for us.
The whole reason that the image is being built on Google Cloud, it just so we decrease the number of
resources that are being consumed on your local machine.
In addition, building the image is going to be a lot faster because Google Cloud servers have extremely,
extremely fast Internet connections.
And as you're going to see a little bit later on, we're eventually going to have a couple of projects
or some projects inside of our project that have very large numbers of dependencies, maybe not very
large numbers, but we're going to have dependencies that require downloading something like 200 or
300 megabytes.
So if you're on a slow computer, it might take or have a slow Internet connection.
It might take you a long time to redownload all those dependencies any time that we have to rebuild
an image.
By making use of Google Cloud built, you are going to be able to install all those dependencies in
a matter of seconds as opposed to possibly a matter of minutes.
So Google Cloud Build is going to be in charge of rebuilding all of our images once the image is rebuilt.
Scaffold will then reach out to the corresponding deployment on our node and tell that deployment that
there is a new image available.
The deployment will then restart restart all of our pods using the latest updated image.
Okay.
So that's it.
That's what's going to be going on behind the scenes.
So in the coming videos, we're going to do a pretty good amount of setup.
We're going to, of course, have to sign up for a Google Cloud account.
We're going to create a project.
We're going to set up a Kubernetes cluster on Google Cloud.
We're going to configure Google Cloud Build, we're going to configure scaffold.
Then to use Google Cloud build and this remote cluster as well.
So it really is a pretty good amount of setup.
And again, all this stuff is being done so that we can have a development environment running through
Google Cloud, which in theory should be way faster than local, especially if you're on an older machine.
Okay.
So we really do have a good amount of work before us.
So let's take a pause right here and get started in the next video.